Okay, so we seem to be getting a bit closer. Let me just put some of these down on here and I'll show you what we mean. There is a couple of things missing here, obviously. So, we've got these on here. You can select any one of these shapes, double click in the middle, and that will give you a rotation point. Now, obviously, normally you can rotate shapes from the zero position. So, like in this case, I've just gone and rotated it. But we can also move this. So, it just resets it. Whenever you move this, this is your rotation point here. So we can actually move this now back and forward through this rotation as well from this position. And these are setable and configurable over here from where you actually want to rotate it from. So between location or center or whatever it might be. Um and then basically so we'll select that. We'll paste it just so we can see the difference. Now let me see if I can move this out of the way. All right. Cool. So let me do the union now. And it does it except it moves it back to where the original position was. So this is because we rotated this from this shape being down here or wherever it was from this point. So we just don't take into account for that. But this here is good. You you've done arcs on here which is great. That's exactly what I wanted. Point type is a curve. That's exactly what we wanted to happen. However, when you are doing the other types, the other methods. So let's move this out of the way. Let's copy this. Right. We'll do another one here. We'll keep it simpler this time. I'm not going to re rotate it from a random location. I'm just going to rotate it from the center. So, let's move this shape over here. Let's double click and let's just add a rotation on here just to keep things nice and simple. So, now we'll copy this. We'll paste this over here. We'll go ahead. We'll do your union. And you can see that it's brought this back to the zero plane. So, we just need to factor in for rotations of shapes. So now every shape in the drawer object is going to have a rotation angle or an angle value. That's what you'll need to go off um unfortunately. And then where the location of that point is from. So basically yeah that's what we need to do if we copy this. So this is what else I was talking about. And I think we're getting close up. We'll do the punch out which is looking better. Right. So now obviously this is re- rotated back to here. This is very close. The only thing is I can see what you've done. you've interopolated these. So rather than making them actual curves, um you've come along and you've made them individual line segments. Look, if that's what you needed to do to do it, ideally these should be curves because people are going to expect this to be round. And in essence, it actually won't be round, especially when you consider the fact that this shape in in size is 158x 95 mm. That means the gap between here is probably 5 mm. So this here, if we get rid of these dots. So if I hide the dots on here, um you can actually see the curves are not um are not actually straight. So we still have a little bit more work to do. Ideally, these all need to be arcs when it's complete. So maybe we can move forward and and I know you're interopolating it to begin with, but then maybe if we can go back to converting all of those back to arcs would probably be the best thing. That way this is going to be nice and smooth. Um, whereas at the moment it's quite rough and it's going to be unacceptable for our users. So, I'm going to put this one back to you anyway. Oh, that reminds me quickly as well with the with the other thing. Now, we know that rotation needs to be fixed. That's fine. This I'm getting happy with. So, so this shape here is looking okay, but anyway, let's delete that. We'll copy this. Hang on. Let me just zoom out a bit here. Let's move that down to here. Let's go into here. I'm going to do intersect. So, we're expecting wherever they intersect, right? So, let's do that. And you can see that's the only shape that it actually kept out of there. Um, let's just move that here again. Let's just see what it's doing here. Intersect. I'm just trying to see where that line would actually where this thing would be on here if I see it's done the same thing. Let me just delete that. I just want to see where that shape actually fits into this. If it fits into this. Um, but I think the problem is that this is automatically rotated. So let me just make the angle of this zero to make things simpler and let's see if that actually works for us. So now we will delete U copy move that to there. Let's do our intersect and now it's made it a bit different again. But where does that actually fit into here or there? That I don't know what that is. What's what I'm not sure how you've come to this logic. I can see what we've done here. I I see it kind of overshoots a little bit just here and here. Let's zoom in a bit. Have a closer look. Okay. So, it's close, but I don't know what it's done. Like, it's overshooting a little bit at this bottom section here versus this part marries to that point. Um, and these kind of don't terminate anywhere here. So, I'm not too sure what intersect is doing. I think maybe we can probably in this to to to not waste too much time here and to try to work towards a good solution. I think what we should do is we're going to focus on the um on the punch out where we're basically welding everything together. So I do like the idea. Let me just straighten this here again. So, I'm going to make this 0 degrees just to make it easy because what you've done here is actually probably the most important one where it blends the shape together and gets rid of those inner areas that we can see on here. So, you've done a really good job on this. The only thing is are you able to please bring these curves back um rather than having them as um as uh uh interpolated uh line segments because they're just either we're going to make way too many line segments and we're never going to have round corners. Um so I'd like to actually keep these as arcs because I'm going to interpret these when we export the G-code. I'm going to be exporting this based on the arcs that are in there as well. So, please, if you can, let's focus on this. Let's not worry about doing the um let's not worry about doing the intersect. Let's just The union's looking pretty good. That does what we want. The punch out um we need to work on now at this point in time. That being said, I haven't tried blending uh rectangles and circles together or various shapes. So, let's give that a try now and just see what happens. I'm not going to bother with the rotation cuz we still need to work on that. So, let's do a punch out there. And you can see that's not quite right either when we blend these two together. So, we still have more work to do. Um, I'm going to try importing something a little bit more complex than this. So, let me just open this. Um, I'm going to do Yeah, we'll go import here. Um, where's where's my Snorlax? There he is. Or part of him. Let's delete that. Um, let's just zoom out here and we'll go back into here. We'll go our Snorlax. We will choose center line and import. And so that's brought him in. Let's see how he reacts now to us um trying to blend a few of him together. So this is literally just made up of segments again. Curves and arcs and move commands. So if we put these three together, we'll just copy this guy. Put him over there. Cool. We'll select all three of these together. Um, and basically let's see what happens when we merge these. We'll do a union. And that has worked correctly. Um, let me just controll Z. Okay, cool. Um, I'll import him again. Uh, you let's do center line. Import. Cool. Let's try yours now and we'll see what happens here. B. Oopsy daisy. CV and let's see what happens now when we try to do this punch out. Yeah, we still got a little bit more work to do, man. So, but I think we're getting very close and I appreciate you taking the time on this. I know there's a lot of complex math involved, but let's just focus instead of doing the intersect so we're not wasting time. We're just going to do the punch out and we're just going to do the one where they can do just the merges like where it becomes one shape here essentially. Um, but yeah, we got a lot more work to do and we just need to factor in for the rotation value as well. So, thanks mate. Let's keep at it.
